( dramatic theme playing )
( roars )
♪ Beast Wars
( dramatic rock theme playing )
( dramatic theme playing )
( rustling )
( crickets chirping )
( growling )
( snoring )
COMPUTER: Attention, Megatron. This is code ATT alert.
( yawning )
For your audio circuits only.
Ahem, report.
An energy anomaly has been detected at coordinates 7-9-6.
( beeping )
Maximals?
Negative. The anomaly is of alien origin.
Is it? Yes.
This could be it.
( Megatron laughing )
( dramatic theme playing )
( laser blasting, mountain rumbling )
By the great smelter.
The royalty was correct.
Ah, the royalty will want this.
( grunting )
( crashes )
COMPUTER: Warning. Energon level in danger zone.
( grunts )
You...
( grunting )
( yells )
( footsteps approaching )
Well done, Inferno.
It is what I've long expected. Yes.
Go repair yourself.
I have much to think on.
Yes, my queen.
I wish he wouldn't call me that.
( dramatic music playing )
( beeping )
Data track zeta 4-9.
I'm unable to detect any sign of the alien energy anomaly
which Tigatron reported.
( beeping )
( beeping increases )
( gasps )
Jets, maximum burn.
Aah!
Optimus Primal.
Well, Megatron.
I'd say it was good to see you,
but my truth circuits would overload.
Uh, this is no time for pleasantries, Maximal. No.
I have a matter of some urgency to discuss.
So? Discuss.
But not like this.
In person, I think. Yes.
Neutral territory. Both of us. Alone.
Heh-heh. What makes you think I'd agree to that?
Because what I wish to discuss is a truce.
( dramatic theme playing )
All right, Megatron. You called the meeting.
What's this slag about a truce?
Absolutely true. I assure you. Yes.
Hm. When Predacons talk truce,
it just means they need time to reload their weapons.
Under normal circumstances, yes. But not now.
Things have arisen.
Things which require my undivided attention.
To be blunt, Optimus Primal,
I have no time to waste on Maximals.
Thus, I wish a truce. And you will agree.
Do you take me for a fool?
Heh, no. I take you for a Maximal.
A truce? Oh, for bootin' up coal!
I cannot believe you agreed to this.
What could I do? He was right.
I'm a Maximal. I have to give peace a chance.
No matter how unlikely it seems.
Hm. Do you think this has something to do with
that alien energy anomaly?
It's got to. Megatron's found out something.
Something that's got him so worried
he doesn't even wanna think about us.
Hey, I'm insulted.
Well, in that case, we'd better find out what it is.
Heh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You mean I gotta infiltrate that Pred base again?
That might be a truce violation.
Not if he's unarmed.
Oh, thanks a slaggin' skip blade full, pussycat.
The vermin is right.
Megatron will surely anticipate this move.
So? Let him.
CHEETOR: Huh? RATTRAP: Eh?
( cackling )
Open transport module 16, voice code Megatron.
COMPUTER: Voice code Megatron acknowledged.
( cackling )
Seventy-five percent power. Mm, it'll have to do.
WASPINATOR: Why is spiderbot taking trans-warp cell?
Waspinator ask question. Spiderbot will answer.
( growls )
Well, answer now!
As you wish.
( explodes )
( jabbers indistinctly )
( beeping )
Huh?
The answer is simple.
( grunting )
I'm leaving.
( beeping ) Oh, no.
( explosion )
( laughs )
Heh-heh. That spider has hacked his way into my data tracks.
And obviously, he has his own plans
for dealing with the situation.
Yes.
Normally, I would punish such treachery.
But in this case,
it may be advantageous to let him play out the hand.
But not alone. No.
Blackarachnia, there appears to have been a disturbance
on the trans-warp level.
Would you check it out? Please.
Heh-heh-heh. And now, Optimus Primal,
I believe the next move is yours.
( screaming )
Oh, man, ain't the rule that us hero types
gotta get more dignified transportation?
If you could shed a few kilos,
this would be easier on both of us.
( gunshot ) ( yells )
( dramatic rock theme playing )
RATTRAP: Aah! We're gonna die!
Isn't there a rule
that heroes have to face destruction with dignity?
Hey, what's the use of dyin' if you can't enjoy it?
( screaming )
( grunts )
Oh, man. I feel naked without my gun.
Airazor, maximize.
Open channel to Predacon base.
( beeping )
Hm?
Megatron. This is Airazor.
Is this the Predacon meaning of a truce?
My dear Airazor, my humblest apologies.
Uh, no doubt you are simply flying a routine patrol, yes.
I shall have the defenses shut down immediately.
COMPUTER: Perimeter defenses deactivated.
That's better.
Yes. Again, my apologies.
But you are in Predacon airspace.
In the interest of continued peace,
I must request that you leave.
Oh, very well.
( caws )
Yeah, heh-heh. We did it.
MEGATRON: Oh, and Airazor.
Yes?
Please take that vermin with you.
( beeping )
Slag!
So you didn't get in?
Not even close.
Heh. I'm tellin' you,
I'd hate to sell encyclopedias in that neighborhood.
Megatron just politely shut down the defenses
and tossed us out.
So you failed.
Absolutely.
Completely.
( suspenseful theme plays )
( beeping )
Aah! The trans-warp cell
is now fully functional.
All it needs is some special programming.
( groaning )
Wha--?
( jabbers indistinctly )
Well, hey there,
tall, dark, and bloodthirsty.
( Tarantulas stammers )
Blackarachnia.
Drop something back there, didn't you?
( Waspinator grunts )
I-- I-- I-- I don't know what you're talking about, heh-heh.
Ah, excellent. And now, while Tarantulas is distracted...
Computer, access the trans-warp cell.
Megatron voice code ATT override.
( chuckling )
I have some special programming of my own to add.
COMPUTER: Acknowledged.
( cackling )
( Megatron continues cackling )
Hm. Black ship. Bad place for this white cat.
I have to make it quick.
Do you think Tigatron will be able to get the info, big bot?
All we can do is hope.
We know this planet has mysteries.
The energon, the artifacts.
They're all signs of alien presence.
But now Megatron has discovered something else.
Something big.
We have to know what.
( beeping )
( dramatic theme playing )
( Tigatron gasps )
By the Matrix.
Well, well, looks like curiosity just claimed another cat.
MEGATRON: There is a storm approaching.
Storm of such magnitude,
of such power, it is beyond imagination.
And to think,
I would once have been satisfied with mere energon.
Hm. To think that my ambitions lofted no higher
than the conquest of Cybertron.
( laughing )
( coughing )
Well, no longer.
For I have been given a glimpse of power,
real power.
And that power shall be mine.
(alarm sounds ) Huh?
TERRORSAUR: Don't even twitch your whiskers, pussycat.
Or I'll fragment your hard drive!
You cannot shoot. We have a truce, remember?
Oh, I remember. But you know my trigger finger.
It just might forget.
Then permit me to jar its memory.
( grunting )
( groans )
( dramatic rock theme playing )
Get him! Get him!
( Terrorsaur grunts )
But no shooting. We are having a truce, remember?
( panting )
( growling )
You're mine, stripes!
I'll get him! I'll get him!
( screaming )
( clattering )
( groans )
There's the signal.
Tigatron the barbarian is doin' a bailout.
Then we're on our way.
Optimus Primal, maximize!
( panting )
The cat is being overtaken. I will engage.
Maximize!
MEGATRON: Negative, Dinobot.
No weapons. We Maximals will maintain the truce.
But we must stop them.
I know. But we must do it.
Peacefully.
( growling )
Hm.
( dramatic rock theme playing )
How are we gonna handle this?
Improvise with what we've got.
( screams )
Huh?
( engine sputters )
( screams )
( gasps )
( growling )
( groaning )
( laughing )
( grunting )
( spits )
( Rattrap whistles )
( growls )
( screams )
( grunting )
Peaceful.
Very peaceful.
( Terrorsaur clanking )
Darn! He got away!
It was close, though.
Yes.
And when one is serving bait,
presentation is everything.
( cackling )
( thunder rumbling )
Whoa. Sounds like we got back just in time.
So Tigatron, now that the fun's over, how about filling us in?
Megatron has found a strange Golden Disk
of alien manufacture.
It was activated recently.
That was the energy anomaly I noticed.
Another Golden Disk?
Coincidence? Maybe.
It has moving symbols on it. Megatron has translated them.
Cool! What's it say?
It was designed to be a beacon.
The aliens-- The ones who seeded this planet with energon.
The ones who created that flying island that almost destroyed us.
Yes, what are you saying? What have you discovered?
They're coming.
( gasps )
( growls )
They're on their way here.
And I don't think they're very happy.
Hm.
Well, that's just prime.
( dramatic theme playing )